Incremental Chao
By Brandarwi
v0.2.1
alpha release

This mod drastically changes chao levels and stats progression.
DO NOT use on your regular chao save without a backup.
Or use a new chao save.

This mod passively generates rings and stats for your chaos.  The leveling up process is rebalanced so that gameplay is focused more on playing with the chaos rather than farming animals and grinding level 99.

How it works:
The maximum stat a chao can reach is determined by its grade and level.  Example: A chao with E grade swim and level 49 will reach 1633 * (49 + 1)% = 816 as its current stat max.
Gain levels by giving animals to chao and by racing.  This will also increase the speed with which chao gain stats.
Ring generation is affected by beginner medal and is doubled while chao is racing.

Options:
Ring multiplier: can increase ring generation rate, or turn it off.
Stat multiplier: can increase chao stat generation rate, or turn it off. Or turn it up if enable all gardens is off.
Enable All Gardens: All chao will generate stats, regardless of the garden you are playing in. (might reduce performance, testing needed)
Animal and Drive: not implemented.
Experience multiplier: removed.

Compatibility:
Should work with CWExtended/x grades.
May break if leveling beyond level cap is on, I haven't tested.
Not sure how well this mod will perform with over 8 chao in the garden at once. Feel free to test.
Should also be compatible with EnhancedCW
And the editor.

Alpha notes:
Performance may not be the best on this release because I used a workaround method until I figure out some of the more complicated modding stuff.
Feedback on balance is appreciated. 0.1.2 had too fast balance, so for 0.2.1 I slowed it down a lot before animals.
TODO:
Implement more medals
(waiting) rework actual animal/drive functions and race completion instead of checking every frame interval

INSTALLATION:
get the SA2Modloader and put this with the rest in ..\Sonic Adventure 2\mods\Incremental Chao

Additional Credits:
Shaddatic for file shadd.h

Want to make a custom version of this mod?  Source available at https://github.com/Brandarwi/Incremental-Chao

Change Log:
0.2.1 {
	Balance: Chao will have some levels individually from animals.  Most levels come from races and affect ALL chao.  Progress made on previous version may be undone.
	Balance: Capped level of children, slowed early game stat rate.
	There is no experience anymore.  As a consequence food and chaos drives currently have no effect on stats.
	Removed the temporary addition of saving data in the vanilla unused stat slot.  It was used to save experience fractions which I removed in this version.
}